what do you think is most convenient
about Korea 24-hour food delivery right
how amazing is that you get pizza 24
hours there's a convenience store you
can go to 24 hours a day Korea is like
super 24 hours there is actually even
McDonald's deliver our to the 24-hour so
what's your favorite midnight snack
because you can get almost anything in
Korea I love the poppy and I love the
fried dumpling yeah I'm like drooling a
little bit hungry about it mhm
my favorite is your favorite I love
quemic chena she make its Chi chicken
MEK MEK jus MEK choo is beer chicken a
beer the best combination ever a gourmet
show that introduces popular unique
restaurants all around Korea tasty Road
late at night many hungry people are
drawn to enjoy the gluttonous pork
available in the pork feet market alleys
pork feet are one of the most popular
nighttime snacks in Korea they're full
of collagen and extremely beneficial for
maintaining the skins elasticity so pork
feet are favorite of Korean women all
around but if you really don't feel like
going out just take out your cell phone
in Korea you can order any kind of food
you like 24 hours a day even kim crap
Wow you can have king-crab whenever and
wherever you want
Korea's delivery food culture is so
developed you can order food whenever
you want even in the middle of the night
isn't it amazing late-night snacks are
the most delicious when you're able to
eat whatever you're craving once you're
used to Korean delivery food you won't
be able to live without it my stomach is
growling I think we should order some
food can we get a menu please oh thank
you I think we should get some greasy
Chinese food okay I want to talk enough
I want jump oh okay oh wait they have
John John you down
it's like half half German half temple
okay we should get sad okay man we
should get it's like poor thing with
sweet-and-sour sauce
pensee oh yeah it's fried anything Brad
just like 2:00 in the morning writes
them what else I want mole nine man oh
it's the cold noodles fried dumplings oh
yeah it should be free as well if we
order lots of stuff they'll bring it you
think so yeah okay I'm gonna call them
right now so if you're watching this in
America you can dial this number and it
will not be delivered to your house yeah
they are torture mundo maior Gandhi are
a kuriboh toy from Ando room service
Orochi sherman and egg kaya ah
Meena next week in the third episode of
K style super simple do-it-yourself
large magical massage that will give you
a hot healthy body and an introduction
to sexy kpop Divas favorite hot shopping
spots don't miss it
I have a funny story about chicken
really so in high school I was living in
the dorms so I couldn't sneak out so we
would put like a string on a basket and
we would really put it down and like
make sure our dorm parents weren't
coming really then we'd like slip the
money in and like bring it back
seriously Jenna be like pig out put it
in the black plastic bag item yeah and
then throw it away at school this is
amazing really good
our hero to save the day yeah very
stylish comes on nigga
this is the standard delivery they'll
deliver the dishes which are not
disposable this is like a real real dish
and they'll come pick it up you just
leave it outside your door so yeah ok
enough talking oh my goodness it smells
so good right stuff so now the food is
ready
oh my goodness yes seriously so Josh our
man is truly flour noodles black bean
sauce vegetables and fried pork you got
a turn and then you know it whipped it
so you can get it
see look it's like a dot on your
lollipop hmm just like kind of like
caramel texture mmm but salty it's sweet
and salty let's try the minion now right
so Mike this is my personal summer
favorite for me too as you can see the
ice is melting because the cameraman
took a long time to get ready but that's
okay we love them anyway
oh my go quickly go away go go go I'm
busy eating very sensitive when we're
eating like dogs I've got my dogs on my
dog and my dog phone bracelet it's time
to eat